sup is caching yakfilms we are the more
panache area of Paris unleash your
fingers is our spotlight video this week
J funcles the dancer in this video told
us it took 10 hours to make it was
actually shot in Paris the style of
dance he's doing in the video is called
finger Tut's where they make a lot of
shapes and patterns with just their
fingers this video is crazy popular
because of the awesome graphics that
that really accent the dance moves this
isn't the first time his finger touch
have gone viral he has an older finger
tutting video that just reached 1
million views
he's also done light shows before which
was our featured style in episode 5 you
want to learn more about that check in
the description below our Power Move
video comes from an acrobatic Chinese
ballet and ballet dancers are extremely
flexible and acrobatic by far some of
the strongest people in the world put
these two things together and you get
what we like to call the toe to head
spin
and obviously to be a part of this group
you have to not fear death
our who's next dancer is somebody who is
extremely flexible in the street dance
community rubber legs has been dancing
for over 10 years and says he's even
inspired by modern in ballet his newest
video is called brain dead
he calls the video brain dead because he
says he never wants to get stuck with
the same moves the video is meant to
show all the different variations he's
created and he's a really good example
of how creativity and flexibility can
bring opportunity for new moves thanks
again for watching I'm going to click
right here for our bonus video this week
and of course y act like you know